vSphere migrations and 2023 FIPS (#409)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/adding-source-provider.adoc

[id="adding-source-provider_{context}"]
ifdef::vmware[]
= Adding a VMware vSphere source provider

You can add a VMware vSphere source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> EMS enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers in order to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-full} but do not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements. Therefore, users should consider whether migrations from vSphere source providers risk their compliance with FIPS. Supported versions of vSphere are specified in xref:../master.adoc#compatibility-guidelines_mtv[Software compatibility guidelines].

Reviewer: don't you miss `====` at the next line?

Reviewer 2: Apart from the above, LGTM

Thanks

[id="adding-source-provider_{context}"]
ifdef::vmware[]
= Adding a VMware vSphere source provider

You can add a VMware vSphere source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> EMS enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers because vSphere does not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements. Therefore, users should consider whether migrations from vSphere source provider risk their compliance with FIPS.

Reviewer: I think we should soften the wording here, how about
```suggestion
EMS enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers to enabling migrations from supported versions of vSphere (see ...) that do not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements. Therefore, users should consider whether migrations from vSphere source provider risk their compliance with FIPS.
```

Author: Done.

> EMS enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers in order to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are suppored by {project-full} but do not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements. Therefore, users should consider whether migrations from vSphere source providers risk their compliance with FIPS. Supported versions of vSphere are specified in xref:../master.adoc#compatibility-guidelines_mtv[Software compatibility guidelines]

Reviewer 2: typo *suppored* -> *supported*

```suggestion
EMS enforcement is disabled for migrations with VMware vSphere source providers in order to enable migrations from versions of vSphere that are supported by {project-full} but do not comply with the 2023 FIPS requirements. Therefore, users should consider whether migrations from vSphere source providers risk their compliance with FIPS. Supported versions of vSphere are specified in xref:../master.adoc#compatibility-guidelines_mtv[Software compatibility guidelines]
```
